                        2020 Hackbots Programming Story

Chapter 2 The Great Hamburglerization
	Colin is graciously partaking in the consumption of the legendary McRib, and Faith is dunking her Mcnuggets in the fabulous sweet and sour sauce. 
As Colin begins to shlop his large-soy-vannila-latte-extra-hot-whipped-cream-double-sleeve-no-cup beverage, he witness a (Mc)flurry of black and white. He
swiftly swings his head towards this bizarre occurance with a dropped jaw and wide eyes.
	"N-Nani?!" he mutters, "It's... It's the HAMBURGLER!!!"
	Colin leaps out of his dirty seat, Faith gazing at his shear will and manliness. He vaults over the counter, pushing the minimum-wage worker out of
the way. The hamburgler drops his tools and stares at Colin.
	"Bruh," exclaims The Hamburgler.
	Colin charges up a roundhouse kick to the jaw. As fast as a weeb recognizes a JoJo's reference, Colin's big strong steel-tipped boot makes contact
with the theif's weak chin, putting an end to his reign of terror. Little did Colin know, The Hamburgler wasn't acting alone.



Colin was driving to Canada to save Faith from Dave, but got stopped at the Ambassador Bridge by border control. The agent asked Colin for his drivers licence and passport, Colin took out his wallet and handed the agent his license but realised that he forgot his passport. Colin realised that it must be at Mc Donalds. Colin appologized and said he left it at Mc Donalds, he turned around and headed back. On his way to Mc Donalds Colin got stopped by The Hamburgler's minions. They said "Hey, you get out of the car!" Colin did so and said "I won't let you take my money!" he then proceeded to take out his gun he had in his coat and shot the minions. Colin went back to Mc Donalds and got his passport. Colin went back to the border and said "I got my passport." he handed over his license and passport to the agent and was able to get across. Colin overheard Dave and The Hamburgler say something about where their hideout was located and headed towards it. When Colin got there he confronted Dave and said "Hand over Faith!" dave said "You'll have to get through me first!" Colin said "Thats easy! I have a gun!" he pulled it out and shot Dave. He ran over to Faith who was tied up and said "Babyyy we are gonna be alright."

